## MariaDB(tm) native User-defined functions in C++
This library was initially developed for study purposes and its own use, however,<br>
its functions can be used in a productive environment without problems.<br>
This isn't a generic library and has not been tested in environments other<br>
than the one used in its development.

An objective that we greatly appreciated during development was that we can
contribute so that more people can understand how UDF's in C++ can be programmed
for use in MariaDB(tm) and take advantage the best of this technique.<br>
This project is still in its early stages of development and I hope to be able to improve it as much as possible.

As I consider QtCreator(tm) to be an excellent development environment,<br>
I use it for my projects, even if these don't directly involve using the Qt(tm) tools.

### Dependencies for Compilation:
- At least C++17.<br>
- Boost
- tinyxml2-7.0.1

### My Environment
- Fedora 35<br>
- clang (clang++) version 13.0.0
- g++ (GCC) 11.2.1 20220127 (Red Hat 11.2.1-9)<br>
(Under Oracle Linux 8 install gcc-devtool-10 or 8.5 install gcc-devtool-11)<br>
- cmake version 3.14 or greater<br>
- QtCreator 6.x.y or greater (Code Style: clang-format -style=Mozilla)<br>
- MariaDB Server version: 10.5.xx

### Libraries
- vcplocation - A minimal library of functions related to Geo localization.
- vcpsquidlogparser - Functions to handle the log line generated by the Squid-cache(tm) proxy.
- vcputilities - Miscellaneous utility functions, such as: count_if(), sum_if() and avg_if().

### Examples and Docs
Please access the documentation, each project has its own 'docs/' folder with relevant documents.<br>
